Document known features on rest-api-spec tests (#52916)
elastic/elasticsearch: rest-api-spec/src/main/resources/rest-api-spec/test/README.asciidoc

The `features` field can either be a string or an array of strings.
The skip section requires to specify either a `version` or a `features` list.

=== Available Features

=== `xpack`
Requires x-pack to be enabled on the `Elasticsearch` instance the rest test is running against

=== `no_xpack`
Requires the test to run against an oss distribution of `Elasticsearch`

=== `catch_unauthorized`

Runner supports `catch: unauthorized` on a `do` operator.

=== `default_shards`

This test can only run if the cluster is running with the distributions default number of shards.

The Java test runner introduces randomness and sometimes overrides the default number of shards to `2`.
If the default number of shards is changed, test marked with this feature should *not* run

=== `headers`

The runner is able to set per request headers on the `do` operation

=== `node_selector`

Indicates the runner can parse `node_selector` under the `do` operator and use its metadata to select the node to
perform the `do` operation on.

=== `stash_in_key`

> Allows you use a stashed value in the any key of an object during a `match` operation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Allows you to use a stashed value in any key of an object during a `match` assertion
```

....
- set: {nodes.$master.http.publish_address: host}
- match:
    $body:
      {
        "nodes": {
          $host: {
            ... stuff in here ...
          }
        }
     }
....

=== `stash_in_path`

Allows a stashed value to be referenced in path lookups as a single token. E.g:

....
path.$stash.value
....

=== `embedded_stash_key`

> Allows a stashed key to appear anywhere in the path:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Allows a stashed key to appear anywhere in the path (note the placeholder needs to be within curly brackets too in this case):
```

....
field1.e${placeholder}ments.element1
....

=== `stash_path_replace`

> Used only in the doc snippet tests. Allow you to do easie replacements using a special `$_path` marker.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Used only in the doc snippet tests. Allow you to do ease replacements using a special `$_path` marker.
```
